Alice is bored, lazily sitting with her sister on the riverbank when all of a sudden, a white rabbit in a waistcoat rushes by and down into a rabbit hole (outside)
Alice follows the White Rabbit down a rabbit hole and feels herself falling for quite a long time. When she finally lands, she spots the White Rabbit again, but the rabbit runs east. (R1)
Alice finds herself trapped in a dark hallway. She sees a very small door to the east, but she is much too large. (r2). 
Alice finds herself down the second part of the hallway where the white rabbit sees Alice and confuses her for his housemaid and sends her to fetch the rabbits gloves and extra fan from the rabbits house. Alice spots a large hole nearby and assumes it where the rabbit lives.(r3)
Alice finds herself in the woods, thick with branches and nobody insight. She sees green gardens to the north and a lake with funny looking pink birds to the south (r4)
Alice falls through the hole and plops into a great big open space. She looks around the aircraft hanger type space and spots small rabbit size house to the west! (r5)
Alice goes inside and searches for the rabbits room. She spots the rabbits room and find a mysterious chest. The chest is locked! where could the key be? (r6)
Alice arrives at the lake and immediately find a bright pink flamingo and hedge with a sign saying "For golf purposes only". (r7)
Alice finally enters the beautiful garden and meets several of the soldiers who are painting the white roses with red paint. They say you need a letter of permission to go east. There is a hollow log to the west that seems oddly tempting to Alice.  (r8)
Alice crawls out of the hollow log and two her surprise she is bombarded with beep boop sounds from two round gentleman. Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum. (r9)
Alice explores the area looking for something that will make her grow. Peeking over the top of a mushroom, she meets the Caterpillar. The Caterpillar tells Alice that one side of the mushroom will make her grow and the other will make her shrink. Alice spots a small little house about four feet high to the south. (r10)
Alice finally enters the beautiful garden and meets several of the soldiers who are painting the white roses with red paint. As she curiously questions why they are doing this, the King and Queen’s procession approaches. The Queen invites Alice to play croquet, which is a very confusing game with live hedgehogs for balls, and flamingos for mallets. The Queen wants to play with you but you need a flamingo and a hedgehod. (r11)
Alice you made it back outside! 